Java: adjust docs on default value for Spring's `exceptionResolverOrder` (#4007)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/getting-started-config/java.spring.mdx

Once this integration is configured you can _also_ use Sentry’s static API, [as shown on the usage page](usage/), to record breadcrumbs, set the current user, or manually send events, for example.

> By default, only unhandled exceptions are sent to Sentry. This behavior can be tuned through configuring `exceptionResolverOrder` property. For example, setting it to `Ordered#HIGHEST_PRECEDENCE` makes sure exceptions that have been handled by exception resolvers with higher order are sent to Sentry - including ones handled by `@ExceptionHandler` annotated methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, only unhandled exceptions are sent to Sentry. This behavior can be tuned through configuring the `exceptionResolverOrder` property. For example, setting it to `Ordered#HIGHEST_PRECEDENCE` ensures exceptions that have been handled by exception resolvers with higher order are sent to Sentry - including ones handled by `@ExceptionHandler` annotated methods.
```
